README.md, before:

# Sublime Text package for Clojure

## Note

* This support only Mac OSX. (I don't have windows...)




## Install Manually

```sh
git clone https://github.com/hatappo/sublime-clojure
ln -s `pwd`/sublime-clojure $HOME/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 3/Packages/sublime-clojure
```



## Usage

### Build & Run

* `Command + B`: Run with Inlein in *.clj, Run with Planck in *.cljs.
* `Command + Shift + B`: Execute arbitrary command.

### Completions & Snippets

* `Tab` or `Ctrl + Space`

### Plugins

#### Extract inline namespace phrase

Consider a code like following.

```clojure
(ns foo-bar.core
  (:import java.util Date)
  (:require [clojure.string :as s]))

(defn aaa [] (clojure.java.io/reader "http://....."))

(defn bbb [] (clojure.java.io/reader "http://....."))

(defn ccc [] (clojure.java.io/reader "http://....."))
```

Type `Ctrl + Command + Shift + n` with your cursol is on any position on `clojure.java.io/` phrase. Then...

```clojure
(ns foo-bar.core
  (:import java.util Date)
  (:require [clojure.string :as s]
            [clojure.java.io :as io]))

(defn aaa [] (io/reader "http://....."))

(defn bbb [] (io/reader "http://....."))

(defn ccc [] (io/reader "http://....."))
```

And **all 4 `io` aliases are automatically selected**, so you can change your favorite alias name immediately if you don't like default alias name (`io` in this case).

Of course, Any case is handled, for instance there are no `ns` declarations or no `:require` phrases.

## Features

### Leiningen Project Structure Aware

If you edit source code files in a standard leiningen project structure,
following features are recognize that.

* `ns` snippet.
* Build commands of [Leiningen.sublime-build](Leiningen.sublime-build),
* and file path in the stack trace.(You can move to the line of the file where the error occurred with double clicking the stack trace in a console.)


### Snippets Examples

#### ns


1. if you type in `ns` when you are editing `foo-bar/src/foo_bar/baz/aaa.clj` which is in a standard leiningen structured project,

2. then a following snippet is inserted.

```clojure
(ns foo-bar.baz.aaa
  )
```

#### :require

1. if you type in `require`,

2. ↓  
`(:require [namespace :as [namespace]])`

3. And the first `namespace` text will be automaticaly selected.
You can type in a arbitrary namespace text there.

4. And more, if you type like `clojure.java.io`,
the second `namespace` which is alias of that is automatically replaced to `io`.

5. And if you type in `Tab` then the alias name `io` will be selected.
You can type in another name if you would not like that.




## Files

### sublime-completions

* Cljx.sublime-completions  
Snippets which are common in both Clojure & ClojureScript.
The build settings are wrote by reference to https://github.com/Foxboron/SublimeClojure

* Clojure.sublime-completions  
Completions which are particular in only Clojure.
Namespaces & vars are scraped from https://clojuredocs.org/core-library/vars by [scrape-clj-completions.clj](script/scrape-clj-completions.clj).

* ClojureScript.sublime-completions  
Completions which are particular in only ClojureScript.
Namespaces & vars are scraped from http://cljs.github.io/api/ by [scrape-cljs-completions.clj](script/scrape-cljs-completions.clj).

* Inlein.sublime-completions  
Completions which are particular in only Planck ClojureScript.

* Planck.sublime-completions  
Completions which are particular in only Inlein Clojure.

### sublime-build

* Leiningen.sublime-build  
Support [Leiningen](http://leiningen.org/).  
The build settings are wrote by reference to https://gist.github.com/Foredoomed/4103540 .  
The command settings are generated by `lein help | grep -E '^[a-z][-a-z]* +[A-Za-z].+$' | awk '{printf("    {\"cmd\": \"lein % -15s \"name\": \"lein %s\"},\n", $1"\",", $0)}'`.

* Inlein.sublime-build  
Support [Inlein](http://inlein.org/).  
The command settings are generated by `inlein --help | grep '^--[[:alpha:]]*' | awk '{printf("    {\"cmd\": \"inlein % -19s \"name\": \"%s\"},\n", $1"\",", $1)}'`.

* Planck.sublime-build  
Support [Planck](http://planck-repl.org/).

### Plugins

* clojure_inline_namespace_refactoring.py

### Command Mappings

* Default (OSX).sublime-keymap
* Default.sublime-commands

Commit message:

Modify readme. Add `import` support.

README.md, after:

# Sublime Text package for Clojure

## Note

* This support only Mac OSX. (I don't have windows...)




## Install Manually

```sh
git clone https://github.com/hatappo/sublime-clojure
ln -s `pwd`/sublime-clojure $HOME/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 3/Packages/sublime-clojure
```



## Usage

### Build & Run

* `Command + B`: Run with Inlein in *.clj, Run with Planck in *.cljs.
* `Command + Shift + B`: Execute arbitrary command.

### Completions & Snippets

* `Tab` or `Ctrl + Space`

### Plugins

#### Extract inline namespace phrase

Consider a code like following.

```clojure
(ns foo-bar.core
  (:import java.util Date)
  (:require [clojure.string :as s]))

(defn aaa [] (clojure.java.io/reader "http://....."))

(defn bbb [] (clojure.java.io/reader "http://....."))

(defn ccc [] (clojure.java.io/reader "http://....."))
```

Type `Ctrl + Command + Shift + n` with your cursol is on any position on `clojure.java.io/` phrase. Then...

```clojure
(ns foo-bar.core
  (:import java.util Date)
  (:require [clojure.string :as s]
            [clojure.java.io :as io]))

(defn aaa [] (io/reader "http://....."))

(defn bbb [] (io/reader "http://....."))

(defn ccc [] (io/reader "http://....."))
```

And **all 4 `io` aliases are automatically selected**, so you can change your favorite alias name immediately if you don't like default alias name (`io` in this case).

Of course, any case is handled well such as no `ns` form or no `require`/`import` phrase.

## Features

### Leiningen Project Structure Aware

If you edit source code files in a standard leiningen project structure,
following features are recognize that.

* `ns` snippet.
* Build commands of [Leiningen.sublime-build](Leiningen.sublime-build),
* and file path in the stack trace.(You can move to the line of the file where the error occurred with double clicking the stack trace in a console.)


### Snippets Examples

#### ns


1. if you type in `ns` when you are editing `foo-bar/src/foo_bar/baz/aaa.clj` which is in a standard leiningen structured project,

2. then a following snippet is inserted.

```clojure
(ns foo-bar.baz.aaa
  )
```

#### :require

1. if you type in `require`,

2. ↓  
`(:require [namespace :as [namespace]])`

3. And the first `namespace` text will be automaticaly selected.
You can type in a arbitrary namespace text there.

4. And more, if you type like `clojure.java.io`,
the second `namespace` which is alias of that is automatically replaced to `io`.

5. And if you type in `Tab` then the alias name `io` will be selected.
You can type in another name if you would not like that.




## Files

### sublime-completions

* Cljx.sublime-completions  
Snippets which are common in both Clojure & ClojureScript.
The build settings are wrote by reference to https://github.com/Foxboron/SublimeClojure

* Clojure.sublime-completions  
Completions which are particular in only Clojure.
Namespaces & vars are scraped from https://clojuredocs.org/core-library/vars by [scrape-clj-completions.clj](script/scrape-clj-completions.clj).

* ClojureScript.sublime-completions  
Completions which are particular in only ClojureScript.
Namespaces & vars are scraped from http://cljs.github.io/api/ by [scrape-cljs-completions.clj](script/scrape-cljs-completions.clj).

* Inlein.sublime-completions  
Completions which are particular in only Planck ClojureScript.

* Planck.sublime-completions  
Completions which are particular in only Inlein Clojure.

### sublime-build

* Leiningen.sublime-build  
Support [Leiningen](http://leiningen.org/).  
The build settings are wrote by reference to https://gist.github.com/Foredoomed/4103540 .  
The command settings are generated by `lein help | grep -E '^[a-z][-a-z]* +[A-Za-z].+$' | awk '{printf("    {\"cmd\": \"lein % -15s \"name\": \"lein %s\"},\n", $1"\",", $0)}'`.

* Inlein.sublime-build  
Support [Inlein](http://inlein.org/).  
The command settings are generated by `inlein --help | grep '^--[[:alpha:]]*' | awk '{printf("    {\"cmd\": \"inlein % -19s \"name\": \"%s\"},\n", $1"\",", $1)}'`.

* Planck.sublime-build  
Support [Planck](http://planck-repl.org/).

### Plugins

* clojure_inline_namespace_refactoring.py

### Command Mappings

* Default (OSX).sublime-keymap
* Default.sublime-commands
